
=head1 The Testing of POD to DocBook SGML Conversion

=head2 By Alligator Descartes E<lt>I<descarte@arcana.co.uk>E<gt>

This is the very first paragraph detailing the exciting discovery of the
fact that POD, or I<Plain Old Documentation>, could be converted to the
mind-destroying bogosity of DocBook SGML.

This is the second paragraph in which I shall begin detailing the tortuous
route that led me to the brink of madness in my quest for the Holy Grail
of POD to DocBook conversion.

This is the third paragraph in which I I<did> B<actually> lOsE B<m>I<y>
mind. Oh, by the way, you are right now reading L<The Testing of POD to
DocBook>, aren't you?

    Ia shub Niggurath!

=head3 Cthulhu! Cthulhu! Rise up, O Great One!

Invocations are an extremely important part of the ritual magician's 
get-up. It makes you sound extremely important whilst sonorously and
solemly intoning longs strings of meaningless gibberish that resemble
regular expressions only on a superficial level.

=over 4

=item The Lesser-Known Key Of Solomon

    Ol sonuf vaorasdasdaskjdalsjd
    $i++; pop @flapList;
    $gibberish = $_;
    perldoc DBI

=item The Slightly More-Known Goetia of Abra-Looney

    my $ohmy = "";
    print STDERR, "Groblegs!\n";
    push @off, $idiot;

=back

Of course, there are a few things that you need to remember when invoking
the Old Ones.

=over 4

=item *

A pair of large capacity rubber underpants (see L<The lesser-known Key
of Solomon> for an explanation).

=item *

Some chalk (but don't confuse this with L<Aspirin>)

=item *

Some Aspirin

=item * Aspirin

really is trademarked.

=over 2

=item 1

Some nested lists will make you need Aspirin,too.

=item 2

(or try some sleep)

=back

=back

Without further ado, here's how to invoke something.

=over 4

=item 1

Draw magic circle on the ground. Ensure that the circle is drawn on a solid
surface. Sand is a good surface to die on. Ensure that the circle is
completely closed

=item 2

Step into circle

=item 3

Throw head back and stick arms out in a dramatic pose. 

=item 4

Chant appropriate incantation

=item 5

Stand well back...

=back

At this stage, if all goes according to plan, something amorphous and
be-tentacled should have appeared.

=cut

